reports out of Gaza suggests some of the
heaviest bombing raids by Israel are
taking place just as America's top
Diplomat on his latest visit to the
Middle East pushes for what he's calling
a humanitarian pause in the war now
Anthony blinkin has been meeting with
Palestinian Authority leaders in the
occupied West Bank who want nothing less
than a full ceasefire something America
rejects the Hamas run Health Ministry in
the territory says more than 9,700
people have been killed in a strike so
far including at least 45 in an attack
on a refugee camp
overnight the bombing over Gaza has
intensified tonight communication lines
have also been cut off which means
tomorrow will likely begin for many
gazans like today did digging through
Rubble looking for families and
survivors this was a crowded refugee
camp it's not one of the areas that isra
Israel had asked civilians to leave
Hamas says it was an Israeli air strike
that killed dozens here Israel says it's
investigating can anyone hear me S al-
najma shouts I think there are people
trapped
here s's daughters and wife were injured
taken to
hospital for weeks Muhammad Al Alon has
taken photographs documenting death and
loss in
Gaza today they've become a permanent
part of his life this is his
son I've lost all my children except one
I've lost my only da I don't know what
else to say
said Israel says it's made advances in
God Gaza effectively dividing the strip
into south and
north but it insists it's doing what it
can to minimize civilian
casualties the military claims to have
dropped 6 million leaflets and made tens
of thousands of phone calls warning
people to move to safer
areas but it's not clear where in Gaza
is safe and only a tiny number have been
allowed to leave the
strip more people being let out has been
one item on US Secretary of State
Anthony blinken's agenda today he
stopped in the occupied West Bank
Meeting Palestinian leader Mahmud Abbas
who called for an immediate
ceasefire blinkin has been pushing for
shorter pauses in fighting everyone
would welcome the maritan pause because
again it could Advance things that we're
all trying to accomplish including
getting uh hostages back including
getting a lot more assistance into Gaza
including including getting people out
of Gaza one of the more than 200
hostages being held in Gaza is
84-year-old Elma
Abraham her family found this photo
online where she's seen being taken by
Hamas her son Yuri Ritz showed us the
medicines his mother needs to take every
day to stay in good health he's hoping
someone can take these to her
right now we are four weeks after that
four weeks in one day and they still not
here and they should be here
yesterday not today yesterday I'm like
in a in some horror movie that I'm stuck
but yeah I still have hope yog BBC News
Tel
Aviv the continuing tragedy on both
sides of this war well you heard yoga
there talk about this claim by Hamas
that an Israeli air strike hit a refugee
camp in Gaza overnight on Saturday well
al- magazi Camp is located in the center
of the strip south of Wadi Gaza in a
part of the territory where civilians
had been told to move to avoid the
fighting much further north while rushi
Abu aloof has traveled to the area and
he sent us the this
update what they are still looking under
the rubble of about three four buildings
were destroyed over my this is magazi
refug Camp it's in the safe area where
Israel advis 1.2 million people in Gaza
City and the north to flee South this is
is saf up but is destruction is in the
safe area where about 50 bodies already
recovered from this air strike and many
many others are missing this is the
biggest strike in this H very uh
crowed Refuge camp in the middle of Gaza
SC the people are fleeing South because
the fighting is intensified around the
Gaza City and the north where Israel is
started this ground operation five
different battles are going on there
overnight Israel issue another warning
for the people asking them to leave Gaza
City and the North and to come
here rushi Abu Al among the Rubble there
in Gaza